<doc id="8886648" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8886648" title="Cattery">
Cattery

A cattery is where cats are commercially housed.
Catteries come in two varieties – boarding catteries and breeding catteries.
A boarding cattery is where cats are housed temporarily, when they cannot stay at their owners' home. Boarding catteries (cat boarding kennels) are mostly used by owners who are away on holiday, although they may also be used during house moves, building work or when their owners are incapacitated, for example if they have to go into hospital.
Cats must be adequately looked after, otherwise the owner(s) of the cattery may face legal action by the law or cat protection bodies such as the RSPCA if the owner(s) of the cat feel that it be necessary.
All establishments boarding cats within the United Kingdom are required to be licensed and inspected by the local authority's Environmental Health department under the Animal Boarding Establishments Act 1963. Licensed establishments will have a copy of their licence prominently displayed as part of their conditions of licence].
A veterinary surgeon (vet) will not be deemed to keep a boarding establishment for cats so long as the cat is at the time receiving treatment by the veterinary surgeon and the boarding is a requirement of the treatment. 
A vet will be deemed to be keeping a boarding establishment if, at the time of boarding, the cat is not under treatment or required to board as part of that treatment. If the boarding facility is advertised as ancillary to the vet's main business, the establishment will need to be licensed and inspected by their local authority and meet the conditions as per any other boarding establishment.
In determining whether to grant a licence for the keeping of a boarding establishment for animals by any person at any premises, a local authority shall in particular pay regard to the following:
International Cat Care (ICC), a long-established cat charity in the United Kingdom, has defined standards for the construction and management of boarding catteries. ICC standards are in addition to those set by local councils for licensing purposes.
A breeding cattery is where cats are bred. Cats may be bred as a hobby, or on a commercial basis where they are sold for profit.
In the United States, there are two main cat registries – the Cat Fanciers' Association (CFA) and The International Cat Association (TICA) which establish standards for member breeders. These cat registries also award certificates for catteries that have been inspected for healthy environments. Additionally, many U.S. States and municipalities, along with the Federal government, provide some regulations of breeding catteries.
In Europe the standards are established by the Fédération Internationale Féline (FIFe) or World Cat Federation (WCF). In Italy by the Associazione Nazionale Felina Italiana (ANFI).

</doc>
<doc id="8174570" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=8174570" title="Category:Cat equipment">
Category:Cat equipment


</doc>
<doc id="16566346" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=16566346" title="Category:Cat fancy">
Category:Cat fancy

This category collects information about domestic cat breeding, pedidreeing and competitive showing.

</doc>
<doc id="17701542" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=17701542" title="KattenKabinet">
KattenKabinet

The KattenKabinet ("Cat Cabinet") is an art museum in Amsterdam devoted to works depicting cats. The museum collection includes paintings, drawings, sculptures and other works of art by Pablo Picasso, Rembrandt, Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec, Corneille, Sal Meijer, Théophile Steinlen, and Jože Ciuha, among others.
The museum is housed in a canalside building at Herengracht 497, in the grand "Gouden Bocht" ("Golden Bend") of this canal. The owner lives on the second floor of the building with his family. There are some cats in the museum as well.
The house and the adjacent building at Herengracht 499 were built in 1667 for the patrician brothers Willem and Adriaen van Loon. Through the luck of the draw, Willem was given the house at number 497. Later, the house was inhabited by Amsterdam mayor Jan Calkoen and Amsterdam pensionary Engelbert François van Berckel, among others. John Adams visited Van Berckel at the house during his time as U.S. ambassador to the Dutch republic.
In 1985, the building was restored, and in 1990 the museum was founded by Bob Meijer in memory of his red tomcat John Pierpont Morgan (named after the American banker J. P. Morgan).
The museum served as filming location for "Ocean's Twelve" in 2004.

</doc>
<doc id="11503984" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=11503984" title="Ailurophobia">
Ailurophobia

Ailurophobia is a type of specific phobia: the persistent, irrational fear of cats.
The name comes from the Greek ("ailouros"), "cat" and ("phóbos"), "fear". Other names include felinophobia, elurophobia, and cat phobia.
The phobia manifests itself in different ways. For most people it is less about fear than about loathing, similar to the reaction many people have to snakes or rats. Some people experience it almost all the time, others just in response to direct stimuli. Some possible situations that can trigger the loathing of cats are: hearing purring, seeing a cat in real life, imagining the possibility of a cat touching or rubbing against one, the thought of meeting a cat in the dark, seeing the staring eyes of a cat (cats have the tendency to stare at passers-by) cats in pictures and on television, and cat-like toys and cat-like fur. Big cats such as lions or tigers can also trigger the stimuli associated with a phobia.
There are many ways to treat ailurophobia; treatment is usually carried out by a psychiatrist or other therapy specialist.
One strongly motivated patient was able to recover by slowly becoming accustomed to cat fur by first touching varying types of velvet, then becoming accustomed to a toy kitten, and finally a live kitten which the patient subsequently adopted.
In the 1965 animated television special "A Charlie Brown Christmas," the character Lucy lists a number of phobias to Charlie Brown and incorrectly states, "If you’re afraid of cats, you have ailurophasia." The word-forming element "-phasia" is a scientific Greek suffix used to form the names of disorders and phenomena relating to words and speech, such as cryptophasia, 
aphasia, dysphasia, and schizophasia.
In the 1988 anime "City Hunter 2", despite his herculean physique, it was revealed that Umibozu has a fear of cats.
In the 1989 anime "Ranma 1/2" the character principal Ranma Saotome has a fear of cats.
In the 2016 anime "High School Fleet" the character Mashiro Munetani has a fear of cats. In the 2017 anime "Nyanko Days," the character Arashi Iketani has a fear of cats.
The title character in the comic strip "Big Nate" has ailurophobia. 
The character Robbie Jackson, in the BBC soap opera "EastEnders" has the condition.
Impractical Joker Sal Vulcano has ailurophobia. 
Xiumin of musical group Exo developed ailurophobia in his childhood due to being attacked by a cat. He apparently overcame his fear at some point in his mid 20s, as he's had a pet cat since at least December 2016 and stated cats as his favorite animal in the seventh volume of the Exo-L Japan Official Book, which was released February 2018.

</doc>
<doc id="12790679" url="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki?curid=12790679" title="Toe tuft">
Toe tuft

Toe tufts are commonly found on cats with medium to long coats. Clumps of fur that stick out at least 1–2 cm beyond the paw pad can be considered tufts. In addition to soft paw pads, toe tufts help a cat to silently stalk its prey by muffling excess noise. However, outdoor cats tend to lose their toe tufts due to excessive abrasion on the rougher outdoor surfaces. This is in distinct contrast to indoor cats who spend most of their time walking on carpet or smooth floors.
Although toe tufts do not cause additional hairballs in cats, it does make some aspects of hygiene a bit more difficult. For example, cat litter, dirt and other particulates may stick to toe tufts and cause the cat some discomfort. Therefore, a cat with extra long toe tufts should be checked regularly for tangles and taken in for grooming.

</doc>